hello I'm Kristen le hago from
Strickland and this is my three tips for
the joy tip number one make sure you get
the body position correctly you have
each format and make sure that you knees
underneath your body and you really
moving them up high almost touching your
ribcage so in a very complicated
position then you can call produce
make sure you get into the rhythm of the
dance it's really quick dance you have
to listen to new music and make sure you
can cope with that it's really quick so
don't get frustrated you can get it by
the way practice makes it tougher tip
number three it's a fun dance you've got
to smile go out there perform well and
just have fun relax and enjoy
these are my tips for the jive